.TH meShell 1 "24 Feb 2019" "meShell 1.0.0" "meShell Manual"
.nf
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 *******      *                 ***     ***
                               *       ***  **                   ***     ***
                              *         **  **                    **      **
                              **        *   **                    **      **
                               ***          **                    **      **
*** **** ****       ***       ** ***        **  ***      ***      **      **
 *** **** ***  *   * ***       *** ***      ** * ***    * ***     **      **
  **  **** ****   *   ***        *** ***    ***   ***  *   ***    **      **
  **   **   **   **    ***         *** ***  **     ** **    ***   **      **
  **   **   **   ********            ** *** **     ** ********    **      **
  **   **   **   *******              ** ** **     ** *******     **      **
  **   **   **   **                    * *  **     ** **          **      **
  **   **   **   ****    *   ***        *   **     ** ****    *   **      **
  ***  ***  ***   *******   *  *********    **     **  *******    *** *   ***
   ***  ***  ***   *****   *     *****       **    **   *****      ***     ***
                           *                       *
                            **                    *
                                                 *
                                                *
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
.fi
.SH NAME
meShell \- shell for CS406 (Operating Systems) at Lafayette College, Spring 2019
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B meShell
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B meShell
is a shell that interprets commands and executes them. meShell inherits environment
variables from its parent process. The prompt is defaulted to "lsh>" but can be
changed by setting the "lshprompt" environment variable. Environment variables can
be set using an equals sign in the format "KEY=value". Environemtn variables can
also be referenced using a dollar sign in the format "$KEY". meShell passes arguments
to executed commands according to UNIX standards.

meShell supports arbitrary numbers of pipes, using the "|" character, to direct
output from one process to input of another. However, I/O redirection is not
supported.

meShell supports several of the process control mechanisms that other shells provide.
Foreground jobs can be terminated using ctrl-C or stopped using ctrl-Z. Appending an
ampersand (&) to the end of a command will run the command (and all piped commands)
in the background.

The following is a list of builtin commands supported by meShell.
.br
exit \- quits the shell and kills all running/stopped jobs
.br
cd \- changes the working directory of the shell
.br
bg <i> \- starts/restarts the job with job ID i in the background (no % prefix)
.br
fg <i> \- starts/restarts the job with job ID i in the foreground (no % prefix)
.br
jobs \- displays a list of running/stopped jobs, along with their status and job ID
.br
jsum \- displays a list of all jobs, along with their PID, status (exec, stop, ok, error, abort),
the elapsed time of the job (wall time), and the command the job executed

Extra features implemented include the ability to edit lines without backspacing
(using the left/right arrow keys). Also, using the up/down arrows provides access
to the history of commands from the current session. The "cd" builtin command and
the "stop" status in the jsum table are also extra features.
.SH OPTIONS
There are no options available.
.SH AUTHORS / CONTRIBUTORS
Erik Laucks, lauckse@lafayette.edu
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR bash (1)
